Trusted Domain Object config for sovereign clouds (#8173)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/managed-instance/winauth-azuread-setup-incoming-trust-based-flow.md

    CloudKeyUpdatedOn   : 2/24/2022 9:03:15 AM
    CloudTrustDisplay   : Microsoft.AzureAD.Kdc.Service.TrustDisplay
    ```
    
    > [!NOTE] 

>     > Azure sovereign clouds require setting propety `TopLevelNames`. That property is set to `windows.net` by default. Azure sovereign cloud deployments of SQL Managed Instance use a different top level domain name, such as `usgovcloudapi.net` for Azure US Government. Set your Trusted Domain Object to that top level domain name using PowerShell `Set-AzureADKerberosServer -Domain $domain -DomainCredential $domainCred -CloudCredential $cloudCred -SetupCloudTrust -TopLevelNames "usgovcloudapi.net,windows.net"`. You can verify the setting with PowerShell `Get-AzureAdKerberosServer -Domain $domain -DomainCredential $domainCred -UserPrincipalName $cloudUserName | Select-Object -ExpandProperty CloudTrustDisplay`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Azure sovereign clouds require setting the `TopLevelNames` property, which is set to `windows.net` by default. Azure sovereign cloud deployments of SQL Managed Instance use a different top level domain name, such as `usgovcloudapi.net` for Azure US Government. Set your Trusted Domain Object to that top level domain name using the following PowerShell command: `Set-AzureADKerberosServer -Domain $domain -DomainCredential $domainCred -CloudCredential $cloudCred -SetupCloudTrust -TopLevelNames "usgovcloudapi.net,windows.net"`. You can verify the setting with the following PowerShell command: `Get-AzureAdKerberosServer -Domain $domain -DomainCredential $domainCred -UserPrincipalName $cloudUserName | Select-Object -ExpandProperty CloudTrustDisplay`.
```
